During my developmental process, I encountered a couple of problems including just the tedious nature of some of the work as well as careful planning. I had a rough idea of what I wanted the site to look like but it seemed to constantly change in order to meet requirements as well as the complexity of doing certain things with only HTML. In order to address the issue of things being tedious, I had to learn to be more patient and adopted an incremental approach  to break things into more manageable pieces. This allowed me to problem solve when something didn't immediately show up as I intended. Another strategy I used, was using once I had figured out one page, I was able to easily recreate the other pages in a similar style which helped with the tedious parts of coding the website. 
Something that I really considered throughout the entire process was, my use of AI. While I understood it was almost encouraged to use it, I felt like i was almost cheating by asking it to help with certain repeatable things such as changing the names for pages I had already made. I made an attempt to utilize it when I already understood what I was doing and what I needed to do as well as if I had any questions, I would ask why I something was a certain way. While I certainly could have given ChatGPT the whole prompt as shown and suggested by the inclass exercise, I decided it was worth it to have a bit more control and understand my code more rather than get the most good looking thing out there. 